fix(js_analyze): suggest fix for unused `JsFunctionDeclaration` (#5955)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/afraid-vans-design.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed [noUnusedVariables](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unused-variables/) rule to suggest unsafe fix for unused JsFunctionDeclaration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed [noUnusedVariables](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unused-variables/) rule to suggest unsafe fix for unused function declarations.
```
